hi my name is Janet Elmore I was born
and raised in Israel that's also when I
start dancing salsa when I was about
seventeen later on I moved to Spain to
dance with Johnny Vasquez Ramon Morales
in Imperials pickup and later on I moved
to United States I started in with
cribben Solis Mel Otero and Saku
McMiller
and nowadays I'm performing with Eddie
Torres I don't think you need to be
Latino in order to feel the music the
salsa music and dance I think a lot of
people can relate to that music
regardless if they were born Latinos or
come from a different background roots
or culture I don't like that people say
oh I'm Latino I feel the music because I
am not latina and I really feel the
music I don't think there's a big
difference between Europe salsa scene to
us salsa scene I feel like Europe
performers are trying to be a little bit
more creative and have that extra twitch
and push the show level to a different
level
something new something unique using a
lot more modern dancing a lot of more
different stuff props sometimes that we
hear in the United States we don't do I
found that performance here are a little
bit more authentic staying a little bit
more with the roots of the salsa advice
I would give men on the dance floor will
be to be a little bit more attentive to
the woman some guys just trying to
either show off or practice their steps
and they just pick a woman no matter
what her level is and they just trying
to do what they know she can get very
embarrassed or very uncomfortable and
not look good on the dance floor so I
would say that guys needs to be a little
bit more attentive to how the girls look
and also pay attention to the dance
floor in general because guys have can
lead and not notice that it's really
crowded and
everybody crash so just be a little bit
more attentive when it comes in general
to the dancefloor and to the woman level
and how she feels while she dancing with
you I want to invite you all to my
classes I teach in New York City at
pearl studios 508 Avenue between 35 and
36 I'm teaching a lady stunning every
Tuesday at 8:30 and beginners beginner
level 1 and beginner level 2 there's a
lot of eight-week salsa courses and open
walk-in classes I want to thank my good
friend Felix Garcia for giving me this
opportunity to do this interview with
you and share my thoughts and feelings
about salsa stay tuned with this awesome
website sasha live.com for videos and a
lot of other information from your
favorite salsa choreographers dancers